Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2200
1 tokens sent
Value: 1948
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1
Second token received
value: 1.8
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -166
1 tokens received
Value: 202
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2202
1 tokens sent
Value: 1955
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.001
Second token received
value: 1.76429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -165
1 tokens received
Value: 200
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2204
1 tokens sent
Value: 1962
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.002
Second token received
value: 1.72857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -163
1 tokens received
Value: 199
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2206
1 tokens sent
Value: 1968
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.003
Second token received
value: 1.7
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -161
1 tokens received
Value: 197
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2208
1 tokens sent
Value: 1975
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.004
Second token received
value: 1.66429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -160
1 tokens received
Value: 195
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2210
1 tokens sent
Value: 1982
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.005
Second token received
value: 1.62857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -158
1 tokens received
Value: 194
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2211
1 tokens sent
Value: 1988
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0055
Second token received
value: 1.59286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -156
1 tokens received
Value: 192
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2213
1 tokens sent
Value: 1995
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0065
Second token received
value: 1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -155
1 tokens received
Value: 190
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2215
1 tokens sent
Value: 2001
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0075
Second token received
value: 1.52857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -153
1 tokens received
Value: 189
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2217
1 tokens sent
Value: 2008
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0085
Second token received
value: 1.49286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -152
1 tokens received
Value: 187
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2219
1 tokens sent
Value: 2014
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0095
Second token received
value: 1.46429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -150
1 tokens received
Value: 186
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2221
1 tokens sent
Value: 2020
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0105
Second token received
value: 1.43571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -149
1 tokens received
Value: 184
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2223
1 tokens sent
Value: 2027
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0115
Second token received
value: 1.4
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -147
1 tokens received
Value: 182
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2225
1 tokens sent
Value: 2033
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0125
Second token received
value: 1.37143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -146
1 tokens received
Value: 181
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2227
1 tokens sent
Value: 2039
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0135
Second token received
value: 1.34286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -144
1 tokens received
Value: 180
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2229
1 tokens sent
Value: 2045
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0145
Second token received
value: 1.31429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -143
1 tokens received
Value: 178
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2230
1 tokens sent
Value: 2052
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.015
Second token received
value: 1.27143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -141
1 tokens received
Value: 176
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2232
1 tokens sent
Value: 2058
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.016
Second token received
value: 1.24286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -140
1 tokens received
Value: 175
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2234
1 tokens sent
Value: 2064
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.017
Second token received
value: 1.21429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -138
1 tokens received
Value: 173
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2236
1 tokens sent
Value: 2070
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.018
Second token received
value: 1.18571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -137
1 tokens received
Value: 172
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2238
1 tokens sent
Value: 2075
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.019
Second token received
value: 1.16429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -136
1 tokens received
Value: 171
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2239
1 tokens sent
Value: 2081
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0195
Second token received
value: 1.12857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -134
1 tokens received
Value: 169
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2241
1 tokens sent
Value: 2087
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0205
Second token received
value: 1.1
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -133
1 tokens received
Value: 168
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2243
1 tokens sent
Value: 2093
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0215
Second token received
value: 1.07143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -131
1 tokens received
Value: 166
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2245
1 tokens sent
Value: 2098
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0225
Second token received
value: 1.05
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -131
1 tokens received
Value: 165
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2246
1 tokens sent
Value: 2104
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.023
Second token received
value: 1.01429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -129
1 tokens received
Value: 163
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2248
1 tokens sent
Value: 2110
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.024
Second token received
value: 0.985714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -127
1 tokens received
Value: 162
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2249
1 tokens sent
Value: 2115
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0245
Second token received
value: 0.957143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -126
1 tokens received
Value: 161
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2251
1 tokens sent
Value: 2120
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0255
Second token received
value: 0.935714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -125
1 tokens received
Value: 160
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2253
1 tokens sent
Value: 2126
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0265
Second token received
value: 0.907143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -124
1 tokens received
Value: 158
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2254
1 tokens sent
Value: 2131
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.027
Second token received
value: 0.878571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -122
1 tokens received
Value: 157
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2255
1 tokens sent
Value: 2136
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0275
Second token received
value: 0.85
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -121
1 tokens received
Value: 155
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2257
1 tokens sent
Value: 2141
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0285
Second token received
value: 0.828571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -120
1 tokens received
Value: 154
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2258
1 tokens sent
Value: 2146
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.029
Second token received
value: 0.8
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -119
1 tokens received
Value: 153
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2260
1 tokens sent
Value: 2151
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.03
Second token received
value: 0.778571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -118
1 tokens received
Value: 152
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2261
1 tokens sent
Value: 2156
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0305
Second token received
value: 0.75
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -116
1 tokens received
Value: 150
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2262
1 tokens sent
Value: 2161
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.031
Second token received
value: 0.721429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -115
1 tokens received
Value: 149
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2264
1 tokens sent
Value: 2166
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.032
Second token received
value: 0.7
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -114
1 tokens received
Value: 148
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2265
1 tokens sent
Value: 2171
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0325
Second token received
value: 0.671429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -112
1 tokens received
Value: 146
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2266
1 tokens sent
Value: 2175
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.033
Second token received
value: 0.65
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -111
1 tokens received
Value: 145
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2267
1 tokens sent
Value: 2180
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0335
Second token received
value: 0.621429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -110
1 tokens received
Value: 144
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2268
1 tokens sent
Value: 2184
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.034
Second token received
value: 0.6
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -109
1 tokens received
Value: 143
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2269
1 tokens sent
Value: 2189
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0345
Second token received
value: 0.571429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -108
1 tokens received
Value: 141
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2270
1 tokens sent
Value: 2193
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.035
Second token received
value: 0.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -106
1 tokens received
Value: 140
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2271
1 tokens sent
Value: 2197
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0355
Second token received
value: 0.528571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -105
1 tokens received
Value: 139
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2272
1 tokens sent
Value: 2202
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.036
Second token received
value: 0.5
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -104
1 tokens received
Value: 138
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2273
1 tokens sent
Value: 2206
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0365
Second token received
value: 0.478571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -103
1 tokens received
Value: 137
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2274
1 tokens sent
Value: 2210
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.037
Second token received
value: 0.457143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -102
1 tokens received
Value: 136
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2275
1 tokens sent
Value: 2214
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0375
Second token received
value: 0.435714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -101
1 tokens received
Value: 135
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2276
1 tokens sent
Value: 2218
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.038
Second token received
value: 0.414286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -100
1 tokens received
Value: 134
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2276
1 tokens sent
Value: 2222
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.038
Second token received
value: 0.385714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -98
1 tokens received
Value: 132
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2277
1 tokens sent
Value: 2226
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0385
Second token received
value: 0.364286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -97
1 tokens received
Value: 131
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2278
1 tokens sent
Value: 2229
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.039
Second token received
value: 0.35
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -97
1 tokens received
Value: 130
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2278
1 tokens sent
Value: 2233
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.039
Second token received
value: 0.321429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -95
1 tokens received
Value: 129
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2279
1 tokens sent
Value: 2237
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0395
Second token received
value: 0.3
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -94
1 tokens received
Value: 128
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2280
1 tokens sent
Value: 2240
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.04
Second token received
value: 0.285714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -94
1 tokens received
Value: 127
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2280
1 tokens sent
Value: 2244
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.04
Second token received
value: 0.257143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -92
1 tokens received
Value: 126
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2281
1 tokens sent
Value: 2247
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0405
Second token received
value: 0.242857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -92
1 tokens received
Value: 125
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2281
1 tokens sent
Value: 2250
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0405
Second token received
value: 0.221429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -90
1 tokens received
Value: 124
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2281
1 tokens sent
Value: 2254
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0405
Second token received
value: 0.192857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -89
1 tokens received
Value: 122
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2282
1 tokens sent
Value: 2257
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.041
Second token received
value: 0.178571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -88
1 tokens received
Value: 122
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2282
1 tokens sent
Value: 2260
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.041
Second token received
value: 0.157143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -87
1 tokens received
Value: 120
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2282
1 tokens sent
Value: 2263
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.041
Second token received
value: 0.135714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -86
1 tokens received
Value: 119
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2283
1 tokens sent
Value: 2266
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0415
Second token received
value: 0.121429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -85
1 tokens received
Value: 119
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2283
1 tokens sent
Value: 2269
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0415
Second token received
value: 0.1
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -84
1 tokens received
Value: 117
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2283
1 tokens sent
Value: 2272
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0415
Second token received
value: 0.0785714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -83
1 tokens received
Value: 116
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2283
1 tokens sent
Value: 2275
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0415
Second token received
value: 0.0571429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -82
1 tokens received
Value: 115
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2283
1 tokens sent
Value: 2277
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0415
Second token received
value: 0.0428571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -82
1 tokens received
Value: 114
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2283
1 tokens sent
Value: 2280
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0415
Second token received
value: 0.0214286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -80
1 tokens received
Value: 113
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2283
1 tokens sent
Value: 2283
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0415
Second token received
value: 0
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -79
1 tokens received
Value: 112
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2283
1 tokens sent
Value: 2285
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0415
Second token received
value: -0.0142857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -79
1 tokens received
Value: 112
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2283
1 tokens sent
Value: 2288
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0415
Second token received
value: -0.0357143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -78
1 tokens received
Value: 110
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2283
1 tokens sent
Value: 2290
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0415
Second token received
value: -0.05
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -77
1 tokens received
Value: 110
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2283
1 tokens sent
Value: 2293
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0415
Second token received
value: -0.0714286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -76
1 tokens received
Value: 109
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2283
1 tokens sent
Value: 2295
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0415
Second token received
value: -0.0857143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -75
1 tokens received
Value: 108
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2283
1 tokens sent
Value: 2297
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0415
Second token received
value: -0.1
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -74
1 tokens received
Value: 107
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2283
1 tokens sent
Value: 2300
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0415
Second token received
value: -0.121429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -73
1 tokens received
Value: 106
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2282
1 tokens sent
Value: 2302
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.041
Second token received
value: -0.142857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -72
1 tokens received
Value: 105
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2282
1 tokens sent
Value: 2304
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.041
Second token received
value: -0.157143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -71
1 tokens received
Value: 104
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2282
1 tokens sent
Value: 2306
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.041
Second token received
value: -0.171429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -71
1 tokens received
Value: 103
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2281
1 tokens sent
Value: 2308
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0405
Second token received
value: -0.192857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -70
1 tokens received
Value: 102
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2281
1 tokens sent
Value: 2310
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0405
Second token received
value: -0.207143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -69
1 tokens received
Value: 101
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2281
1 tokens sent
Value: 2312
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0405
Second token received
value: -0.221429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -68
1 tokens received
Value: 101
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2280
1 tokens sent
Value: 2314
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.04
Second token received
value: -0.242857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -67
1 tokens received
Value: 99
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2280
1 tokens sent
Value: 2315
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.04
Second token received
value: -0.25
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -67
1 tokens received
Value: 99
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2279
1 tokens sent
Value: 2317
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0395
Second token received
value: -0.271429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -66
1 tokens received
Value: 98
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2279
1 tokens sent
Value: 2319
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0395
Second token received
value: -0.285714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -65
1 tokens received
Value: 97
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2278
1 tokens sent
Value: 2321
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.039
Second token received
value: -0.307143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -64
1 tokens received
Value: 96
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2277
1 tokens sent
Value: 2322
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0385
Second token received
value: -0.321429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -63
1 tokens received
Value: 95
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2277
1 tokens sent
Value: 2324
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0385
Second token received
value: -0.335714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -62
1 tokens received
Value: 94
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2276
1 tokens sent
Value: 2325
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.038
Second token received
value: -0.35
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -61
1 tokens received
Value: 94
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2276
1 tokens sent
Value: 2327
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.038
Second token received
value: -0.364286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -61
1 tokens received
Value: 93
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2275
1 tokens sent
Value: 2328
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0375
Second token received
value: -0.378571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -60
1 tokens received
Value: 92
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2274
1 tokens sent
Value: 2329
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.037
Second token received
value: -0.392857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -59
1 tokens received
Value: 91
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2273
1 tokens sent
Value: 2331
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0365
Second token received
value: -0.414286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -58
1 tokens received
Value: 90
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2273
1 tokens sent
Value: 2332
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0365
Second token received
value: -0.421429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -58
1 tokens received
Value: 90
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2272
1 tokens sent
Value: 2333
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.036
Second token received
value: -0.435714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -57
1 tokens received
Value: 89
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2271
1 tokens sent
Value: 2334
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0355
Second token received
value: -0.45
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -56
1 tokens received
Value: 88
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2270
1 tokens sent
Value: 2335
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.035
Second token received
value: -0.464286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -55
1 tokens received
Value: 87
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2269
1 tokens sent
Value: 2336
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0345
Second token received
value: -0.478571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -55
1 tokens received
Value: 87
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2268
1 tokens sent
Value: 2337
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.034
Second token received
value: -0.492857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -54
1 tokens received
Value: 86
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2267
1 tokens sent
Value: 2338
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0335
Second token received
value: -0.507143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -53
1 tokens received
Value: 85
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2266
1 tokens sent
Value: 2339
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.033
Second token received
value: -0.521429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -52
1 tokens received
Value: 84
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2265
1 tokens sent
Value: 2340
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0325
Second token received
value: -0.535714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -52
1 tokens received
Value: 83
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2264
1 tokens sent
Value: 2341
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.032
Second token received
value: -0.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -51
1 tokens received
Value: 83
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2263
1 tokens sent
Value: 2342
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0315
Second token received
value: -0.564286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -50
1 tokens received
Value: 82
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2262
1 tokens sent
Value: 2343
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.031
Second token received
value: -0.578571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -49
1 tokens received
Value: 81
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2261
1 tokens sent
Value: 2343
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0305
Second token received
value: -0.585714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -49
1 tokens received
Value: 81
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2260
1 tokens sent
Value: 2344
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.03
Second token received
value: -0.6
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -48
1 tokens received
Value: 80
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2259
1 tokens sent
Value: 2345
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0295
Second token received
value: -0.614286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -47
1 tokens received
Value: 79
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2258
1 tokens sent
Value: 2345
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.029
Second token received
value: -0.621429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -47
1 tokens received
Value: 79
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2257
1 tokens sent
Value: 2346
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0285
Second token received
value: -0.635714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -46
1 tokens received
Value: 78
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2256
1 tokens sent
Value: 2347
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.028
Second token received
value: -0.65
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -45
1 tokens received
Value: 77
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2255
1 tokens sent
Value: 2347
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0275
Second token received
value: -0.657143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -45
1 tokens received
Value: 77
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2253
1 tokens sent
Value: 2348
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0265
Second token received
value: -0.678571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -44
1 tokens received
Value: 75
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2252
1 tokens sent
Value: 2348
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.026
Second token received
value: -0.685714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -43
1 tokens received
Value: 75
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2251
1 tokens sent
Value: 2348
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0255
Second token received
value: -0.692857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -43
1 tokens received
Value: 75
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2250
1 tokens sent
Value: 2349
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.025
Second token received
value: -0.707143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -42
1 tokens received
Value: 74
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2249
1 tokens sent
Value: 2349
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0245
Second token received
value: -0.714286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -42
1 tokens received
Value: 73
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2247
1 tokens sent
Value: 2349
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0235
Second token received
value: -0.728571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -41
1 tokens received
Value: 73
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2246
1 tokens sent
Value: 2350
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.023
Second token received
value: -0.742857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -40
1 tokens received
Value: 72
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2245
1 tokens sent
Value: 2350
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0225
Second token received
value: -0.75
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -40
1 tokens received
Value: 71
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2243
1 tokens sent
Value: 2350
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0215
Second token received
value: -0.764286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -39
1 tokens received
Value: 71
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2242
1 tokens sent
Value: 2350
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.021
Second token received
value: -0.771429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -39
1 tokens received
Value: 70
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2241
1 tokens sent
Value: 2351
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0205
Second token received
value: -0.785714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -38
1 tokens received
Value: 69
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2239
1 tokens sent
Value: 2351
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0195
Second token received
value: -0.8
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -37
1 tokens received
Value: 68
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2238
1 tokens sent
Value: 2351
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.019
Second token received
value: -0.807143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -37
1 tokens received
Value: 68
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2236
1 tokens sent
Value: 2351
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.018
Second token received
value: -0.821429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -36
1 tokens received
Value: 67
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2235
1 tokens sent
Value: 2351
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0175
Second token received
value: -0.828571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -36
1 tokens received
Value: 67
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2234
1 tokens sent
Value: 2351
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.017
Second token received
value: -0.835714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -35
1 tokens received
Value: 66
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2232
1 tokens sent
Value: 2351
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.016
Second token received
value: -0.85
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -34
1 tokens received
Value: 66
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2231
1 tokens sent
Value: 2351
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0155
Second token received
value: -0.857143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -34
1 tokens received
Value: 65
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2229
1 tokens sent
Value: 2351
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0145
Second token received
value: -0.871429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -33
1 tokens received
Value: 64
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2228
1 tokens sent
Value: 2351
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.014
Second token received
value: -0.878571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -33
1 tokens received
Value: 64
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2226
1 tokens sent
Value: 2350
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.013
Second token received
value: -0.885714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -32
1 tokens received
Value: 63
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2225
1 tokens sent
Value: 2350
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0125
Second token received
value: -0.892857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -32
1 tokens received
Value: 63
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2223
1 tokens sent
Value: 2350
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0115
Second token received
value: -0.907143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -31
1 tokens received
Value: 62
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2222
1 tokens sent
Value: 2350
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.011
Second token received
value: -0.914286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -31
1 tokens received
Value: 62
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2220
1 tokens sent
Value: 2350
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.01
Second token received
value: -0.928571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -30
1 tokens received
Value: 61
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2219
1 tokens sent
Value: 2349
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0095
Second token received
value: -0.928571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -30
1 tokens received
Value: 61
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2217
1 tokens sent
Value: 2349
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0085
Second token received
value: -0.942857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -29
1 tokens received
Value: 60
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2216
1 tokens sent
Value: 2349
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.008
Second token received
value: -0.95
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -29
1 tokens received
Value: 60
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2214
1 tokens sent
Value: 2348
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.007
Second token received
value: -0.957143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -28
1 tokens received
Value: 59
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2212
1 tokens sent
Value: 2348
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.006
Second token received
value: -0.971429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -27
1 tokens received
Value: 58
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2211
1 tokens sent
Value: 2348
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0055
Second token received
value: -0.978571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -27
1 tokens received
Value: 58
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2209
1 tokens sent
Value: 2347
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0045
Second token received
value: -0.985714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -26
1 tokens received
Value: 57
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2208
1 tokens sent
Value: 2347
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.004
Second token received
value: -0.992857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -26
1 tokens received
Value: 57
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2206
1 tokens sent
Value: 2346
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.003
Second token received
value: -1
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -26
1 tokens received
Value: 57
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2204
1 tokens sent
Value: 2346
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.002
Second token received
value: -1.01429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -25
1 tokens received
Value: 56
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2203
1 tokens sent
Value: 2345
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0015
Second token received
value: -1.01429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -25
1 tokens received
Value: 56
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2201
1 tokens sent
Value: 2345
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 1.0005
Second token received
value: -1.02857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -24
1 tokens received
Value: 55
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2199
1 tokens sent
Value: 2344
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9995
Second token received
value: -1.03571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -23
1 tokens received
Value: 54
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2198
1 tokens sent
Value: 2344
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.999
Second token received
value: -1.04286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -23
1 tokens received
Value: 54
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2196
1 tokens sent
Value: 2343
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.998
Second token received
value: -1.05
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -23
1 tokens received
Value: 53
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2194
1 tokens sent
Value: 2343
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.997
Second token received
value: -1.06429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -22
1 tokens received
Value: 53
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2193
1 tokens sent
Value: 2342
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9965
Second token received
value: -1.06429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -22
1 tokens received
Value: 53
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2191
1 tokens sent
Value: 2341
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9955
Second token received
value: -1.07143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -21
1 tokens received
Value: 52
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2189
1 tokens sent
Value: 2341
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9945
Second token received
value: -1.08571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -20
1 tokens received
Value: 51
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2188
1 tokens sent
Value: 2340
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.994
Second token received
value: -1.08571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -20
1 tokens received
Value: 51
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2186
1 tokens sent
Value: 2339
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.993
Second token received
value: -1.09286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -20
1 tokens received
Value: 51
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2184
1 tokens sent
Value: 2339
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.992
Second token received
value: -1.10714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -19
1 tokens received
Value: 50
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2183
1 tokens sent
Value: 2338
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9915
Second token received
value: -1.10714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -19
1 tokens received
Value: 50
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2181
1 tokens sent
Value: 2337
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9905
Second token received
value: -1.11429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -19
1 tokens received
Value: 49
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2179
1 tokens sent
Value: 2336
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9895
Second token received
value: -1.12143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -18
1 tokens received
Value: 49
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2177
1 tokens sent
Value: 2336
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9885
Second token received
value: -1.13571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -17
1 tokens received
Value: 48
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2176
1 tokens sent
Value: 2335
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.988
Second token received
value: -1.13571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -17
1 tokens received
Value: 48
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2174
1 tokens sent
Value: 2334
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.987
Second token received
value: -1.14286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -17
1 tokens received
Value: 48
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2172
1 tokens sent
Value: 2333
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.986
Second token received
value: -1.15
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -16
1 tokens received
Value: 47
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2170
1 tokens sent
Value: 2332
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.985
Second token received
value: -1.15714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -16
1 tokens received
Value: 47
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2169
1 tokens sent
Value: 2332
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9845
Second token received
value: -1.16429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -16
1 tokens received
Value: 46
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2167
1 tokens sent
Value: 2331
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9835
Second token received
value: -1.17143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -15
1 tokens received
Value: 46
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2165
1 tokens sent
Value: 2330
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9825
Second token received
value: -1.17857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -15
1 tokens received
Value: 45
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2163
1 tokens sent
Value: 2329
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9815
Second token received
value: -1.18571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -14
1 tokens received
Value: 45
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2162
1 tokens sent
Value: 2328
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.981
Second token received
value: -1.18571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -14
1 tokens received
Value: 45
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2160
1 tokens sent
Value: 2327
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.98
Second token received
value: -1.19286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -14
1 tokens received
Value: 44
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2158
1 tokens sent
Value: 2326
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.979
Second token received
value: -1.2
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -13
1 tokens received
Value: 44
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2156
1 tokens sent
Value: 2325
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.978
Second token received
value: -1.20714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -13
1 tokens received
Value: 43
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2154
1 tokens sent
Value: 2324
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.977
Second token received
value: -1.21429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -12
1 tokens received
Value: 43
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2153
1 tokens sent
Value: 2323
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9765
Second token received
value: -1.21429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -12
1 tokens received
Value: 43
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2151
1 tokens sent
Value: 2322
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9755
Second token received
value: -1.22143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -12
1 tokens received
Value: 42
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2149
1 tokens sent
Value: 2321
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9745
Second token received
value: -1.22857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -11
1 tokens received
Value: 42
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2147
1 tokens sent
Value: 2320
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9735
Second token received
value: -1.23571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -11
1 tokens received
Value: 41
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2145
1 tokens sent
Value: 2319
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9725
Second token received
value: -1.24286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -11
1 tokens received
Value: 41
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2143
1 tokens sent
Value: 2318
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9715
Second token received
value: -1.25
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -10
1 tokens received
Value: 41
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2142
1 tokens sent
Value: 2317
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.971
Second token received
value: -1.25
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -10
1 tokens received
Value: 40
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2140
1 tokens sent
Value: 2316
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.97
Second token received
value: -1.25714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -10
1 tokens received
Value: 40
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2138
1 tokens sent
Value: 2315
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.969
Second token received
value: -1.26429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -9
1 tokens received
Value: 40
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2136
1 tokens sent
Value: 2314
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.968
Second token received
value: -1.27143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -9
1 tokens received
Value: 39
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2134
1 tokens sent
Value: 2313
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.967
Second token received
value: -1.27857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -8
1 tokens received
Value: 39
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2132
1 tokens sent
Value: 2311
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.966
Second token received
value: -1.27857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -8
1 tokens received
Value: 39
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2131
1 tokens sent
Value: 2310
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9655
Second token received
value: -1.27857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -8
1 tokens received
Value: 38
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2129
1 tokens sent
Value: 2309
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9645
Second token received
value: -1.28571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -8
1 tokens received
Value: 38
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2127
1 tokens sent
Value: 2308
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9635
Second token received
value: -1.29286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -7
1 tokens received
Value: 38
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2125
1 tokens sent
Value: 2307
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9625
Second token received
value: -1.3
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -7
1 tokens received
Value: 37
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2123
1 tokens sent
Value: 2306
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9615
Second token received
value: -1.30714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -6
1 tokens received
Value: 37
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2121
1 tokens sent
Value: 2304
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9605
Second token received
value: -1.30714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -6
1 tokens received
Value: 37
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2119
1 tokens sent
Value: 2303
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9595
Second token received
value: -1.31429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -6
1 tokens received
Value: 36
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2118
1 tokens sent
Value: 2302
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.959
Second token received
value: -1.31429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -6
1 tokens received
Value: 36
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2116
1 tokens sent
Value: 2301
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.958
Second token received
value: -1.32143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -5
1 tokens received
Value: 36
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2114
1 tokens sent
Value: 2299
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.957
Second token received
value: -1.32143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -5
1 tokens received
Value: 35
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2112
1 tokens sent
Value: 2298
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.956
Second token received
value: -1.32857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -5
1 tokens received
Value: 35
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2110
1 tokens sent
Value: 2297
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.955
Second token received
value: -1.33571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -4
1 tokens received
Value: 35
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2108
1 tokens sent
Value: 2296
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.954
Second token received
value: -1.34286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -4
1 tokens received
Value: 34
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2106
1 tokens sent
Value: 2294
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.953
Second token received
value: -1.34286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -4
1 tokens received
Value: 34
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2105
1 tokens sent
Value: 2293
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9525
Second token received
value: -1.34286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -4
1 tokens received
Value: 34
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2103
1 tokens sent
Value: 2292
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9515
Second token received
value: -1.35
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -3
1 tokens received
Value: 33
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2101
1 tokens sent
Value: 2290
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9505
Second token received
value: -1.35
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -3
1 tokens received
Value: 33
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2099
1 tokens sent
Value: 2289
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9495
Second token received
value: -1.35714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -3
1 tokens received
Value: 33
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2097
1 tokens sent
Value: 2288
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9485
Second token received
value: -1.36429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -2
1 tokens received
Value: 32
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2095
1 tokens sent
Value: 2286
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9475
Second token received
value: -1.36429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -2
1 tokens received
Value: 32
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2093
1 tokens sent
Value: 2285
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9465
Second token received
value: -1.37143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -2
1 tokens received
Value: 32
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2091
1 tokens sent
Value: 2284
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9455
Second token received
value: -1.37857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -1
1 tokens received
Value: 31
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2089
1 tokens sent
Value: 2282
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9445
Second token received
value: -1.37857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -1
1 tokens received
Value: 31
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2088
1 tokens sent
Value: 2281
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.944
Second token received
value: -1.37857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -1
1 tokens received
Value: 31
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2086
1 tokens sent
Value: 2280
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.943
Second token received
value: -1.38571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -1
1 tokens received
Value: 31
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2084
1 tokens sent
Value: 2278
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.942
Second token received
value: -1.38571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: -1
1 tokens received
Value: 31
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2082
1 tokens sent
Value: 2277
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.941
Second token received
value: -1.39286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 0
1 tokens received
Value: 30
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2080
1 tokens sent
Value: 2275
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.94
Second token received
value: -1.39286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 0
1 tokens received
Value: 30
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2078
1 tokens sent
Value: 2274
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.939
Second token received
value: -1.4
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 0
1 tokens received
Value: 30
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2076
1 tokens sent
Value: 2273
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.938
Second token received
value: -1.40714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 0
1 tokens received
Value: 29
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2074
1 tokens sent
Value: 2271
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.937
Second token received
value: -1.40714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 0
1 tokens received
Value: 29
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2072
1 tokens sent
Value: 2270
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.936
Second token received
value: -1.41429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 0
1 tokens received
Value: 29
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2070
1 tokens sent
Value: 2268
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.935
Second token received
value: -1.41429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 0
1 tokens received
Value: 29
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2069
1 tokens sent
Value: 2267
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9345
Second token received
value: -1.41429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 0
1 tokens received
Value: 28
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2067
1 tokens sent
Value: 2265
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9335
Second token received
value: -1.41429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 1
1 tokens received
Value: 28
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2065
1 tokens sent
Value: 2264
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9325
Second token received
value: -1.42143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 1
1 tokens received
Value: 28
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2063
1 tokens sent
Value: 2262
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9315
Second token received
value: -1.42143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 1
1 tokens received
Value: 28
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2061
1 tokens sent
Value: 2261
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9305
Second token received
value: -1.42857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 2
1 tokens received
Value: 27
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2059
1 tokens sent
Value: 2259
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9295
Second token received
value: -1.42857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 2
1 tokens received
Value: 27
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2057
1 tokens sent
Value: 2258
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9285
Second token received
value: -1.43571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 2
1 tokens received
Value: 27
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2055
1 tokens sent
Value: 2256
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9275
Second token received
value: -1.43571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 2
1 tokens received
Value: 27
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2053
1 tokens sent
Value: 2255
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9265
Second token received
value: -1.44286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 3
1 tokens received
Value: 26
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2051
1 tokens sent
Value: 2253
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9255
Second token received
value: -1.44286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 3
1 tokens received
Value: 26
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2049
1 tokens sent
Value: 2252
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9245
Second token received
value: -1.45
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 3
1 tokens received
Value: 26
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2048
1 tokens sent
Value: 2250
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.924
Second token received
value: -1.44286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 3
1 tokens received
Value: 26
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2046
1 tokens sent
Value: 2249
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.923
Second token received
value: -1.45
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 3
1 tokens received
Value: 26
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2044
1 tokens sent
Value: 2247
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.922
Second token received
value: -1.45
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 3
1 tokens received
Value: 25
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2042
1 tokens sent
Value: 2246
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.921
Second token received
value: -1.45714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 4
1 tokens received
Value: 25
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2040
1 tokens sent
Value: 2244
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.92
Second token received
value: -1.45714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 4
1 tokens received
Value: 25
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2038
1 tokens sent
Value: 2243
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.919
Second token received
value: -1.46429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 4
1 tokens received
Value: 24
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2036
1 tokens sent
Value: 2241
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.918
Second token received
value: -1.46429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 4
1 tokens received
Value: 24
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2034
1 tokens sent
Value: 2239
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.917
Second token received
value: -1.46429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 5
1 tokens received
Value: 24
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2032
1 tokens sent
Value: 2238
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.916
Second token received
value: -1.47143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 5
1 tokens received
Value: 24
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2030
1 tokens sent
Value: 2236
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.915
Second token received
value: -1.47143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 5
1 tokens received
Value: 24
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2028
1 tokens sent
Value: 2235
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.914
Second token received
value: -1.47857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 6
1 tokens received
Value: 23
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2027
1 tokens sent
Value: 2233
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9135
Second token received
value: -1.47143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 5
1 tokens received
Value: 24
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2025
1 tokens sent
Value: 2231
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9125
Second token received
value: -1.47143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 5
1 tokens received
Value: 23
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2023
1 tokens sent
Value: 2230
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9115
Second token received
value: -1.47857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 6
1 tokens received
Value: 23
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2021
1 tokens sent
Value: 2228
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9105
Second token received
value: -1.47857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 6
1 tokens received
Value: 23
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2019
1 tokens sent
Value: 2227
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9095
Second token received
value: -1.48571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 6
1 tokens received
Value: 22
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2017
1 tokens sent
Value: 2225
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9085
Second token received
value: -1.48571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 6
1 tokens received
Value: 22
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2015
1 tokens sent
Value: 2223
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9075
Second token received
value: -1.48571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 7
1 tokens received
Value: 22
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2013
1 tokens sent
Value: 2222
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9065
Second token received
value: -1.49286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 7
1 tokens received
Value: 22
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2011
1 tokens sent
Value: 2220
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9055
Second token received
value: -1.49286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 7
1 tokens received
Value: 22
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2009
1 tokens sent
Value: 2218
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9045
Second token received
value: -1.49286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 7
1 tokens received
Value: 22
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2007
1 tokens sent
Value: 2217
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9035
Second token received
value: -1.5
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 8
1 tokens received
Value: 21
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2005
1 tokens sent
Value: 2215
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9025
Second token received
value: -1.5
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 8
1 tokens received
Value: 21
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2003
1 tokens sent
Value: 2213
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9015
Second token received
value: -1.5
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 8
1 tokens received
Value: 21
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2002
1 tokens sent
Value: 2212
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.901
Second token received
value: -1.5
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 8
1 tokens received
Value: 21
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 2000
1 tokens sent
Value: 2210
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.9
Second token received
value: -1.5
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 8
1 tokens received
Value: 21
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1998
1 tokens sent
Value: 2208
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.899
Second token received
value: -1.5
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 8
1 tokens received
Value: 21
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1996
1 tokens sent
Value: 2207
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.898
Second token received
value: -1.50714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 8
1 tokens received
Value: 20
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1994
1 tokens sent
Value: 2205
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.897
Second token received
value: -1.50714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 9
1 tokens received
Value: 20
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1992
1 tokens sent
Value: 2203
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.896
Second token received
value: -1.50714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 9
1 tokens received
Value: 20
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1990
1 tokens sent
Value: 2202
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.895
Second token received
value: -1.51429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 9
1 tokens received
Value: 20
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1988
1 tokens sent
Value: 2200
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.894
Second token received
value: -1.51429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 9
1 tokens received
Value: 19
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1986
1 tokens sent
Value: 2198
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.893
Second token received
value: -1.51429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 9
1 tokens received
Value: 19
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1984
1 tokens sent
Value: 2197
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.892
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 10
1 tokens received
Value: 19
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1982
1 tokens sent
Value: 2195
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.891
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 10
1 tokens received
Value: 19
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1980
1 tokens sent
Value: 2193
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.89
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 10
1 tokens received
Value: 19
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1979
1 tokens sent
Value: 2191
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8895
Second token received
value: -1.51429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 10
1 tokens received
Value: 19
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1977
1 tokens sent
Value: 2190
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8885
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 10
1 tokens received
Value: 19
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1975
1 tokens sent
Value: 2188
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8875
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 10
1 tokens received
Value: 18
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1973
1 tokens sent
Value: 2186
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8865
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 10
1 tokens received
Value: 18
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1971
1 tokens sent
Value: 2184
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8855
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 10
1 tokens received
Value: 18
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1969
1 tokens sent
Value: 2183
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8845
Second token received
value: -1.52857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 11
1 tokens received
Value: 18
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1967
1 tokens sent
Value: 2181
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8835
Second token received
value: -1.52857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 11
1 tokens received
Value: 18
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1965
1 tokens sent
Value: 2179
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8825
Second token received
value: -1.52857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 11
1 tokens received
Value: 18
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1963
1 tokens sent
Value: 2177
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8815
Second token received
value: -1.52857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 11
1 tokens received
Value: 18
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1961
1 tokens sent
Value: 2176
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8805
Second token received
value: -1.53571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 11
1 tokens received
Value: 17
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1959
1 tokens sent
Value: 2174
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8795
Second token received
value: -1.53571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 12
1 tokens received
Value: 17
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1957
1 tokens sent
Value: 2172
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8785
Second token received
value: -1.53571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 12
1 tokens received
Value: 17
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1955
1 tokens sent
Value: 2170
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8775
Second token received
value: -1.53571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 12
1 tokens received
Value: 17
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1954
1 tokens sent
Value: 2169
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.877
Second token received
value: -1.53571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 12
1 tokens received
Value: 17
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1952
1 tokens sent
Value: 2167
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.876
Second token received
value: -1.53571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 12
1 tokens received
Value: 17
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1950
1 tokens sent
Value: 2165
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.875
Second token received
value: -1.53571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 12
1 tokens received
Value: 17
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1948
1 tokens sent
Value: 2163
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.874
Second token received
value: -1.53571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 12
1 tokens received
Value: 16
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1946
1 tokens sent
Value: 2161
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.873
Second token received
value: -1.53571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 12
1 tokens received
Value: 16
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1944
1 tokens sent
Value: 2160
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.872
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 13
1 tokens received
Value: 16
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1942
1 tokens sent
Value: 2158
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.871
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 13
1 tokens received
Value: 16
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1940
1 tokens sent
Value: 2156
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.87
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 13
1 tokens received
Value: 16
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1938
1 tokens sent
Value: 2154
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.869
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 13
1 tokens received
Value: 16
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1936
1 tokens sent
Value: 2152
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.868
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 13
1 tokens received
Value: 16
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1934
1 tokens sent
Value: 2151
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.867
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 13
1 tokens received
Value: 15
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1932
1 tokens sent
Value: 2149
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.866
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 14
1 tokens received
Value: 15
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1930
1 tokens sent
Value: 2147
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.865
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 14
1 tokens received
Value: 15
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1929
1 tokens sent
Value: 2145
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8645
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 13
1 tokens received
Value: 15
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1927
1 tokens sent
Value: 2143
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8635
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 13
1 tokens received
Value: 15
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1925
1 tokens sent
Value: 2142
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8625
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 14
1 tokens received
Value: 15
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1923
1 tokens sent
Value: 2140
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8615
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 14
1 tokens received
Value: 15
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1921
1 tokens sent
Value: 2138
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8605
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 14
1 tokens received
Value: 14
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1919
1 tokens sent
Value: 2136
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8595
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 14
1 tokens received
Value: 14
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1917
1 tokens sent
Value: 2134
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8585
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 14
1 tokens received
Value: 14
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1915
1 tokens sent
Value: 2132
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8575
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 14
1 tokens received
Value: 14
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1913
1 tokens sent
Value: 2130
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8565
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 14
1 tokens received
Value: 14
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1911
1 tokens sent
Value: 2129
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8555
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 15
1 tokens received
Value: 14
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1909
1 tokens sent
Value: 2127
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8545
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 15
1 tokens received
Value: 14
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1907
1 tokens sent
Value: 2125
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8535
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 15
1 tokens received
Value: 13
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1905
1 tokens sent
Value: 2123
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8525
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 15
1 tokens received
Value: 13
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1904
1 tokens sent
Value: 2121
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.852
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 15
1 tokens received
Value: 14
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1902
1 tokens sent
Value: 2119
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.851
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 15
1 tokens received
Value: 14
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1900
1 tokens sent
Value: 2117
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.85
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 15
1 tokens received
Value: 13
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1898
1 tokens sent
Value: 2116
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.849
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 15
1 tokens received
Value: 13
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1896
1 tokens sent
Value: 2114
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.848
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 16
1 tokens received
Value: 13
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1894
1 tokens sent
Value: 2112
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.847
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 16
1 tokens received
Value: 13
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1892
1 tokens sent
Value: 2110
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.846
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 16
1 tokens received
Value: 13
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1890
1 tokens sent
Value: 2108
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.845
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 16
1 tokens received
Value: 13
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1888
1 tokens sent
Value: 2106
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.844
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 16
1 tokens received
Value: 13
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1886
1 tokens sent
Value: 2104
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.843
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 16
1 tokens received
Value: 12
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1884
1 tokens sent
Value: 2102
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.842
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 16
1 tokens received
Value: 12
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1882
1 tokens sent
Value: 2101
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.841
Second token received
value: -1.56429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 17
1 tokens received
Value: 12
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1880
1 tokens sent
Value: 2099
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.84
Second token received
value: -1.56429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 17
1 tokens received
Value: 12
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1879
1 tokens sent
Value: 2097
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8395
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 16
1 tokens received
Value: 12
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1877
1 tokens sent
Value: 2095
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8385
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 16
1 tokens received
Value: 12
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1875
1 tokens sent
Value: 2093
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8375
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 16
1 tokens received
Value: 12
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1873
1 tokens sent
Value: 2091
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8365
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 17
1 tokens received
Value: 12
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1871
1 tokens sent
Value: 2089
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8355
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 17
1 tokens received
Value: 12
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1869
1 tokens sent
Value: 2087
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8345
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 17
1 tokens received
Value: 12
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1867
1 tokens sent
Value: 2085
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8335
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 17
1 tokens received
Value: 12
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1865
1 tokens sent
Value: 2083
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8325
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 17
1 tokens received
Value: 11
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1863
1 tokens sent
Value: 2082
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8315
Second token received
value: -1.56429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 17
1 tokens received
Value: 11
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1861
1 tokens sent
Value: 2080
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8305
Second token received
value: -1.56429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 17
1 tokens received
Value: 11
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1859
1 tokens sent
Value: 2078
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8295
Second token received
value: -1.56429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 18
1 tokens received
Value: 11
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1857
1 tokens sent
Value: 2076
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8285
Second token received
value: -1.56429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 18
1 tokens received
Value: 11
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1855
1 tokens sent
Value: 2074
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8275
Second token received
value: -1.56429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 18
1 tokens received
Value: 11
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1854
1 tokens sent
Value: 2072
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.827
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 17
1 tokens received
Value: 11
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1852
1 tokens sent
Value: 2070
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.826
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 18
1 tokens received
Value: 11
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1850
1 tokens sent
Value: 2068
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.825
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 18
1 tokens received
Value: 11
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1848
1 tokens sent
Value: 2066
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.824
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 18
1 tokens received
Value: 11
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1846
1 tokens sent
Value: 2064
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.823
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 18
1 tokens received
Value: 11
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1844
1 tokens sent
Value: 2062
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.822
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 18
1 tokens received
Value: 10
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1842
1 tokens sent
Value: 2060
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.821
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 18
1 tokens received
Value: 10
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1840
1 tokens sent
Value: 2058
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.82
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 18
1 tokens received
Value: 10
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1838
1 tokens sent
Value: 2056
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.819
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 18
1 tokens received
Value: 10
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1836
1 tokens sent
Value: 2054
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.818
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 18
1 tokens received
Value: 10
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1834
1 tokens sent
Value: 2052
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.817
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 18
1 tokens received
Value: 10
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1832
1 tokens sent
Value: 2050
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.816
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 18
1 tokens received
Value: 10
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1830
1 tokens sent
Value: 2049
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.815
Second token received
value: -1.56429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 19
1 tokens received
Value: 9
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1829
1 tokens sent
Value: 2047
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8145
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 19
1 tokens received
Value: 10
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1827
1 tokens sent
Value: 2045
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8135
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 19
1 tokens received
Value: 10
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1825
1 tokens sent
Value: 2043
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8125
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 19
1 tokens received
Value: 10
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1823
1 tokens sent
Value: 2041
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8115
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 19
1 tokens received
Value: 10
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1821
1 tokens sent
Value: 2039
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8105
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 19
1 tokens received
Value: 9
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1819
1 tokens sent
Value: 2037
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8095
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 19
1 tokens received
Value: 9
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1817
1 tokens sent
Value: 2035
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8085
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 19
1 tokens received
Value: 9
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1815
1 tokens sent
Value: 2033
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8075
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 19
1 tokens received
Value: 9
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1813
1 tokens sent
Value: 2031
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8065
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 19
1 tokens received
Value: 9
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1811
1 tokens sent
Value: 2029
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8055
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 19
1 tokens received
Value: 9
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1809
1 tokens sent
Value: 2027
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8045
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 19
1 tokens received
Value: 9
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1807
1 tokens sent
Value: 2025
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8035
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 9
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1805
1 tokens sent
Value: 2023
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8025
Second token received
value: -1.55714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 9
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1804
1 tokens sent
Value: 2021
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.802
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 19
1 tokens received
Value: 9
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1802
1 tokens sent
Value: 2019
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.801
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 19
1 tokens received
Value: 9
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1800
1 tokens sent
Value: 2017
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.8
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 19
1 tokens received
Value: 9
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1798
1 tokens sent
Value: 2015
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.799
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 9
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1796
1 tokens sent
Value: 2013
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.798
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 9
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1794
1 tokens sent
Value: 2011
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.797
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 9
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1792
1 tokens sent
Value: 2009
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.796
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 8
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1790
1 tokens sent
Value: 2007
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.795
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 8
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1788
1 tokens sent
Value: 2005
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.794
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 8
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1786
1 tokens sent
Value: 2003
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.793
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 8
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1784
1 tokens sent
Value: 2001
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.792
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 8
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1782
1 tokens sent
Value: 1999
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.791
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 8
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1780
1 tokens sent
Value: 1997
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.79
Second token received
value: -1.55
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 8
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1779
1 tokens sent
Value: 1995
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7895
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 8
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1777
1 tokens sent
Value: 1993
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7885
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 8
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1775
1 tokens sent
Value: 1991
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7875
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 8
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1773
1 tokens sent
Value: 1989
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7865
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 8
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1771
1 tokens sent
Value: 1987
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7855
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 20
1 tokens received
Value: 8
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1769
1 tokens sent
Value: 1985
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7845
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 8
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1767
1 tokens sent
Value: 1983
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7835
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 8
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1765
1 tokens sent
Value: 1981
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7825
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 8
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1763
1 tokens sent
Value: 1979
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7815
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1761
1 tokens sent
Value: 1977
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7805
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1759
1 tokens sent
Value: 1975
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7795
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1757
1 tokens sent
Value: 1973
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7785
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1755
1 tokens sent
Value: 1971
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7775
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1753
1 tokens sent
Value: 1969
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7765
Second token received
value: -1.54286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1752
1 tokens sent
Value: 1967
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.776
Second token received
value: -1.53571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1750
1 tokens sent
Value: 1965
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.775
Second token received
value: -1.53571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1748
1 tokens sent
Value: 1963
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.774
Second token received
value: -1.53571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1746
1 tokens sent
Value: 1961
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.773
Second token received
value: -1.53571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1744
1 tokens sent
Value: 1959
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.772
Second token received
value: -1.53571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1742
1 tokens sent
Value: 1957
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.771
Second token received
value: -1.53571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1740
1 tokens sent
Value: 1954
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.77
Second token received
value: -1.52857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1738
1 tokens sent
Value: 1952
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.769
Second token received
value: -1.52857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1736
1 tokens sent
Value: 1950
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.768
Second token received
value: -1.52857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1734
1 tokens sent
Value: 1948
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.767
Second token received
value: -1.52857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1732
1 tokens sent
Value: 1946
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.766
Second token received
value: -1.52857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1730
1 tokens sent
Value: 1944
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.765
Second token received
value: -1.52857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1728
1 tokens sent
Value: 1942
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.764
Second token received
value: -1.52857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1727
1 tokens sent
Value: 1940
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7635
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1725
1 tokens sent
Value: 1938
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7625
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 21
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1723
1 tokens sent
Value: 1936
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7615
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1721
1 tokens sent
Value: 1934
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7605
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 7
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1719
1 tokens sent
Value: 1932
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7595
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1717
1 tokens sent
Value: 1930
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7585
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1715
1 tokens sent
Value: 1928
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7575
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1713
1 tokens sent
Value: 1926
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7565
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1711
1 tokens sent
Value: 1924
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7555
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1709
1 tokens sent
Value: 1922
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7545
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1707
1 tokens sent
Value: 1920
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7535
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1705
1 tokens sent
Value: 1918
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7525
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1703
1 tokens sent
Value: 1916
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7515
Second token received
value: -1.52143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1702
1 tokens sent
Value: 1914
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.751
Second token received
value: -1.51429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1700
1 tokens sent
Value: 1912
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.75
Second token received
value: -1.51429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1698
1 tokens sent
Value: 1909
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.749
Second token received
value: -1.50714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1696
1 tokens sent
Value: 1907
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.748
Second token received
value: -1.50714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1694
1 tokens sent
Value: 1905
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.747
Second token received
value: -1.50714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1692
1 tokens sent
Value: 1903
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.746
Second token received
value: -1.50714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1690
1 tokens sent
Value: 1901
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.745
Second token received
value: -1.50714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1688
1 tokens sent
Value: 1899
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.744
Second token received
value: -1.50714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1686
1 tokens sent
Value: 1897
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.743
Second token received
value: -1.50714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1684
1 tokens sent
Value: 1895
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.742
Second token received
value: -1.50714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1682
1 tokens sent
Value: 1893
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.741
Second token received
value: -1.50714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1680
1 tokens sent
Value: 1891
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.74
Second token received
value: -1.50714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1679
1 tokens sent
Value: 1889
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7395
Second token received
value: -1.5
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 22
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1677
1 tokens sent
Value: 1887
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7385
Second token received
value: -1.5
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1675
1 tokens sent
Value: 1885
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7375
Second token received
value: -1.5
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 6
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1673
1 tokens sent
Value: 1883
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7365
Second token received
value: -1.5
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1671
1 tokens sent
Value: 1881
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7355
Second token received
value: -1.5
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1669
1 tokens sent
Value: 1879
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7345
Second token received
value: -1.5
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1667
1 tokens sent
Value: 1877
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7335
Second token received
value: -1.5
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1665
1 tokens sent
Value: 1874
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7325
Second token received
value: -1.49286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1663
1 tokens sent
Value: 1872
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7315
Second token received
value: -1.49286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1661
1 tokens sent
Value: 1870
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7305
Second token received
value: -1.49286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1659
1 tokens sent
Value: 1868
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7295
Second token received
value: -1.49286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1657
1 tokens sent
Value: 1866
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7285
Second token received
value: -1.49286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1655
1 tokens sent
Value: 1864
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7275
Second token received
value: -1.49286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1654
1 tokens sent
Value: 1862
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.727
Second token received
value: -1.48571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1652
1 tokens sent
Value: 1860
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.726
Second token received
value: -1.48571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1650
1 tokens sent
Value: 1858
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.725
Second token received
value: -1.48571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1648
1 tokens sent
Value: 1856
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.724
Second token received
value: -1.48571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1646
1 tokens sent
Value: 1854
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.723
Second token received
value: -1.48571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1644
1 tokens sent
Value: 1852
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.722
Second token received
value: -1.48571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1642
1 tokens sent
Value: 1850
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.721
Second token received
value: -1.48571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1640
1 tokens sent
Value: 1848
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.72
Second token received
value: -1.48571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1638
1 tokens sent
Value: 1845
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.719
Second token received
value: -1.47857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1636
1 tokens sent
Value: 1843
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.718
Second token received
value: -1.47857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1634
1 tokens sent
Value: 1841
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.717
Second token received
value: -1.47857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1632
1 tokens sent
Value: 1839
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.716
Second token received
value: -1.47857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1631
1 tokens sent
Value: 1837
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7155
Second token received
value: -1.47143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1629
1 tokens sent
Value: 1835
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7145
Second token received
value: -1.47143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1627
1 tokens sent
Value: 1833
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7135
Second token received
value: -1.47143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1625
1 tokens sent
Value: 1831
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7125
Second token received
value: -1.47143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1623
1 tokens sent
Value: 1829
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7115
Second token received
value: -1.47143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1621
1 tokens sent
Value: 1827
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7105
Second token received
value: -1.47143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1619
1 tokens sent
Value: 1825
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7095
Second token received
value: -1.47143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1617
1 tokens sent
Value: 1822
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7085
Second token received
value: -1.46429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 23
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1615
1 tokens sent
Value: 1820
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7075
Second token received
value: -1.46429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1613
1 tokens sent
Value: 1818
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7065
Second token received
value: -1.46429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1611
1 tokens sent
Value: 1816
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7055
Second token received
value: -1.46429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1609
1 tokens sent
Value: 1814
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7045
Second token received
value: -1.46429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1608
1 tokens sent
Value: 1812
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.704
Second token received
value: -1.45714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1606
1 tokens sent
Value: 1810
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.703
Second token received
value: -1.45714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 5
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1604
1 tokens sent
Value: 1808
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.702
Second token received
value: -1.45714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1602
1 tokens sent
Value: 1806
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.701
Second token received
value: -1.45714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1600
1 tokens sent
Value: 1804
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.7
Second token received
value: -1.45714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1598
1 tokens sent
Value: 1802
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.699
Second token received
value: -1.45714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1596
1 tokens sent
Value: 1800
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.698
Second token received
value: -1.45714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1594
1 tokens sent
Value: 1797
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.697
Second token received
value: -1.45
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1592
1 tokens sent
Value: 1795
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.696
Second token received
value: -1.45
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1590
1 tokens sent
Value: 1793
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.695
Second token received
value: -1.45
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1588
1 tokens sent
Value: 1791
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.694
Second token received
value: -1.45
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1586
1 tokens sent
Value: 1789
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.693
Second token received
value: -1.45
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1585
1 tokens sent
Value: 1787
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6925
Second token received
value: -1.44286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1583
1 tokens sent
Value: 1785
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6915
Second token received
value: -1.44286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1581
1 tokens sent
Value: 1783
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6905
Second token received
value: -1.44286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1579
1 tokens sent
Value: 1781
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6895
Second token received
value: -1.44286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1577
1 tokens sent
Value: 1779
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6885
Second token received
value: -1.44286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1575
1 tokens sent
Value: 1777
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6875
Second token received
value: -1.44286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1573
1 tokens sent
Value: 1774
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6865
Second token received
value: -1.43571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1571
1 tokens sent
Value: 1772
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6855
Second token received
value: -1.43571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1569
1 tokens sent
Value: 1770
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6845
Second token received
value: -1.43571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1567
1 tokens sent
Value: 1768
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6835
Second token received
value: -1.43571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1566
1 tokens sent
Value: 1766
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.683
Second token received
value: -1.42857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1564
1 tokens sent
Value: 1764
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.682
Second token received
value: -1.42857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1562
1 tokens sent
Value: 1762
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.681
Second token received
value: -1.42857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1560
1 tokens sent
Value: 1760
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.68
Second token received
value: -1.42857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1558
1 tokens sent
Value: 1758
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.679
Second token received
value: -1.42857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1556
1 tokens sent
Value: 1756
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.678
Second token received
value: -1.42857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1554
1 tokens sent
Value: 1754
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.677
Second token received
value: -1.42857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1552
1 tokens sent
Value: 1751
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.676
Second token received
value: -1.42143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1550
1 tokens sent
Value: 1749
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.675
Second token received
value: -1.42143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1548
1 tokens sent
Value: 1747
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.674
Second token received
value: -1.42143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1546
1 tokens sent
Value: 1745
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.673
Second token received
value: -1.42143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1545
1 tokens sent
Value: 1743
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6725
Second token received
value: -1.41429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1543
1 tokens sent
Value: 1741
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6715
Second token received
value: -1.41429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1541
1 tokens sent
Value: 1739
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6705
Second token received
value: -1.41429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1539
1 tokens sent
Value: 1737
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6695
Second token received
value: -1.41429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1537
1 tokens sent
Value: 1735
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6685
Second token received
value: -1.41429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1535
1 tokens sent
Value: 1733
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6675
Second token received
value: -1.41429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1533
1 tokens sent
Value: 1730
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6665
Second token received
value: -1.40714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1531
1 tokens sent
Value: 1728
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6655
Second token received
value: -1.40714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1529
1 tokens sent
Value: 1726
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6645
Second token received
value: -1.40714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1527
1 tokens sent
Value: 1724
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6635
Second token received
value: -1.40714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1526
1 tokens sent
Value: 1722
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.663
Second token received
value: -1.4
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1524
1 tokens sent
Value: 1720
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.662
Second token received
value: -1.4
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1522
1 tokens sent
Value: 1718
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.661
Second token received
value: -1.4
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1520
1 tokens sent
Value: 1716
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.66
Second token received
value: -1.4
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1518
1 tokens sent
Value: 1714
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.659
Second token received
value: -1.4
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1516
1 tokens sent
Value: 1712
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.658
Second token received
value: -1.4
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1514
1 tokens sent
Value: 1710
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.657
Second token received
value: -1.4
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1512
1 tokens sent
Value: 1707
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.656
Second token received
value: -1.39286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1510
1 tokens sent
Value: 1705
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.655
Second token received
value: -1.39286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1508
1 tokens sent
Value: 1703
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.654
Second token received
value: -1.39286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1507
1 tokens sent
Value: 1701
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6535
Second token received
value: -1.38571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1505
1 tokens sent
Value: 1699
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6525
Second token received
value: -1.38571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1503
1 tokens sent
Value: 1697
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6515
Second token received
value: -1.38571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1501
1 tokens sent
Value: 1695
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6505
Second token received
value: -1.38571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1499
1 tokens sent
Value: 1693
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6495
Second token received
value: -1.38571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1497
1 tokens sent
Value: 1691
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6485
Second token received
value: -1.38571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1495
1 tokens sent
Value: 1689
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6475
Second token received
value: -1.38571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1493
1 tokens sent
Value: 1687
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6465
Second token received
value: -1.38571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1491
1 tokens sent
Value: 1684
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6455
Second token received
value: -1.37857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1490
1 tokens sent
Value: 1682
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.645
Second token received
value: -1.37143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1488
1 tokens sent
Value: 1680
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.644
Second token received
value: -1.37143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1486
1 tokens sent
Value: 1678
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.643
Second token received
value: -1.37143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1484
1 tokens sent
Value: 1676
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.642
Second token received
value: -1.37143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1482
1 tokens sent
Value: 1674
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.641
Second token received
value: -1.37143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1480
1 tokens sent
Value: 1672
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.64
Second token received
value: -1.37143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1478
1 tokens sent
Value: 1670
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.639
Second token received
value: -1.37143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1476
1 tokens sent
Value: 1668
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.638
Second token received
value: -1.37143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1474
1 tokens sent
Value: 1666
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.637
Second token received
value: -1.37143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1473
1 tokens sent
Value: 1664
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6365
Second token received
value: -1.36429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1471
1 tokens sent
Value: 1661
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6355
Second token received
value: -1.35714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1469
1 tokens sent
Value: 1659
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6345
Second token received
value: -1.35714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1467
1 tokens sent
Value: 1657
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6335
Second token received
value: -1.35714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1465
1 tokens sent
Value: 1655
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6325
Second token received
value: -1.35714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1463
1 tokens sent
Value: 1653
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6315
Second token received
value: -1.35714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1461
1 tokens sent
Value: 1651
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6305
Second token received
value: -1.35714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1459
1 tokens sent
Value: 1649
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6295
Second token received
value: -1.35714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1458
1 tokens sent
Value: 1647
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.629
Second token received
value: -1.35
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1456
1 tokens sent
Value: 1645
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.628
Second token received
value: -1.35
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1454
1 tokens sent
Value: 1643
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.627
Second token received
value: -1.35
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1452
1 tokens sent
Value: 1641
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.626
Second token received
value: -1.35
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1450
1 tokens sent
Value: 1639
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.625
Second token received
value: -1.35
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1448
1 tokens sent
Value: 1636
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.624
Second token received
value: -1.34286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1446
1 tokens sent
Value: 1634
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.623
Second token received
value: -1.34286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1444
1 tokens sent
Value: 1632
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.622
Second token received
value: -1.34286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1443
1 tokens sent
Value: 1630
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6215
Second token received
value: -1.33571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1441
1 tokens sent
Value: 1628
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6205
Second token received
value: -1.33571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1439
1 tokens sent
Value: 1626
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6195
Second token received
value: -1.33571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1437
1 tokens sent
Value: 1624
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6185
Second token received
value: -1.33571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1435
1 tokens sent
Value: 1622
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6175
Second token received
value: -1.33571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1433
1 tokens sent
Value: 1620
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6165
Second token received
value: -1.33571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1431
1 tokens sent
Value: 1618
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6155
Second token received
value: -1.33571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1429
1 tokens sent
Value: 1616
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6145
Second token received
value: -1.33571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1428
1 tokens sent
Value: 1613
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.614
Second token received
value: -1.32143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1426
1 tokens sent
Value: 1611
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.613
Second token received
value: -1.32143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1424
1 tokens sent
Value: 1609
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.612
Second token received
value: -1.32143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1422
1 tokens sent
Value: 1607
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.611
Second token received
value: -1.32143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1420
1 tokens sent
Value: 1605
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.61
Second token received
value: -1.32143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1418
1 tokens sent
Value: 1603
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.609
Second token received
value: -1.32143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1416
1 tokens sent
Value: 1601
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.608
Second token received
value: -1.32143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1415
1 tokens sent
Value: 1599
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6075
Second token received
value: -1.31429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1413
1 tokens sent
Value: 1597
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6065
Second token received
value: -1.31429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1411
1 tokens sent
Value: 1595
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6055
Second token received
value: -1.31429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1409
1 tokens sent
Value: 1593
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6045
Second token received
value: -1.31429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1407
1 tokens sent
Value: 1591
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6035
Second token received
value: -1.31429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1405
1 tokens sent
Value: 1589
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6025
Second token received
value: -1.31429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1403
1 tokens sent
Value: 1586
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6015
Second token received
value: -1.30714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1401
1 tokens sent
Value: 1584
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6005
Second token received
value: -1.30714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1400
1 tokens sent
Value: 1582
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.6
Second token received
value: -1.3
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1398
1 tokens sent
Value: 1580
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.599
Second token received
value: -1.3
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1396
1 tokens sent
Value: 1578
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.598
Second token received
value: -1.3
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1394
1 tokens sent
Value: 1576
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.597
Second token received
value: -1.3
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1392
1 tokens sent
Value: 1574
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.596
Second token received
value: -1.3
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1390
1 tokens sent
Value: 1572
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.595
Second token received
value: -1.3
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1388
1 tokens sent
Value: 1570
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.594
Second token received
value: -1.3
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1387
1 tokens sent
Value: 1568
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5935
Second token received
value: -1.29286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1385
1 tokens sent
Value: 1566
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5925
Second token received
value: -1.29286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1383
1 tokens sent
Value: 1564
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5915
Second token received
value: -1.29286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1381
1 tokens sent
Value: 1562
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5905
Second token received
value: -1.29286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1379
1 tokens sent
Value: 1559
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5895
Second token received
value: -1.28571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1377
1 tokens sent
Value: 1557
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5885
Second token received
value: -1.28571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1375
1 tokens sent
Value: 1555
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5875
Second token received
value: -1.28571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1374
1 tokens sent
Value: 1553
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.587
Second token received
value: -1.27857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1372
1 tokens sent
Value: 1551
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.586
Second token received
value: -1.27857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1370
1 tokens sent
Value: 1549
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.585
Second token received
value: -1.27857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1368
1 tokens sent
Value: 1547
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.584
Second token received
value: -1.27857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1366
1 tokens sent
Value: 1545
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.583
Second token received
value: -1.27857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1364
1 tokens sent
Value: 1543
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.582
Second token received
value: -1.27857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1363
1 tokens sent
Value: 1541
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5815
Second token received
value: -1.27143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1361
1 tokens sent
Value: 1539
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5805
Second token received
value: -1.27143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1359
1 tokens sent
Value: 1537
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5795
Second token received
value: -1.27143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1357
1 tokens sent
Value: 1535
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5785
Second token received
value: -1.27143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1355
1 tokens sent
Value: 1533
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5775
Second token received
value: -1.27143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1353
1 tokens sent
Value: 1531
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5765
Second token received
value: -1.27143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1352
1 tokens sent
Value: 1529
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.576
Second token received
value: -1.26429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1350
1 tokens sent
Value: 1526
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.575
Second token received
value: -1.25714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1348
1 tokens sent
Value: 1524
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.574
Second token received
value: -1.25714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1346
1 tokens sent
Value: 1522
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.573
Second token received
value: -1.25714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1344
1 tokens sent
Value: 1520
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.572
Second token received
value: -1.25714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1342
1 tokens sent
Value: 1518
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.571
Second token received
value: -1.25714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1341
1 tokens sent
Value: 1516
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5705
Second token received
value: -1.25
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1339
1 tokens sent
Value: 1514
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5695
Second token received
value: -1.25
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1337
1 tokens sent
Value: 1512
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5685
Second token received
value: -1.25
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1335
1 tokens sent
Value: 1510
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5675
Second token received
value: -1.25
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1333
1 tokens sent
Value: 1508
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5665
Second token received
value: -1.25
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1331
1 tokens sent
Value: 1506
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5655
Second token received
value: -1.25
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1330
1 tokens sent
Value: 1504
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.565
Second token received
value: -1.24286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1328
1 tokens sent
Value: 1502
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.564
Second token received
value: -1.24286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1326
1 tokens sent
Value: 1500
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.563
Second token received
value: -1.24286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1324
1 tokens sent
Value: 1498
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.562
Second token received
value: -1.24286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1322
1 tokens sent
Value: 1496
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.561
Second token received
value: -1.24286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1320
1 tokens sent
Value: 1494
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.56
Second token received
value: -1.24286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1319
1 tokens sent
Value: 1492
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5595
Second token received
value: -1.23571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1317
1 tokens sent
Value: 1490
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5585
Second token received
value: -1.23571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1315
1 tokens sent
Value: 1488
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5575
Second token received
value: -1.23571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1313
1 tokens sent
Value: 1486
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5565
Second token received
value: -1.23571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1311
1 tokens sent
Value: 1483
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5555
Second token received
value: -1.22857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1309
1 tokens sent
Value: 1481
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5545
Second token received
value: -1.22857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1308
1 tokens sent
Value: 1479
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.554
Second token received
value: -1.22143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1306
1 tokens sent
Value: 1477
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.553
Second token received
value: -1.22143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1304
1 tokens sent
Value: 1475
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.552
Second token received
value: -1.22143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1302
1 tokens sent
Value: 1473
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.551
Second token received
value: -1.22143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1300
1 tokens sent
Value: 1471
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.55
Second token received
value: -1.22143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1299
1 tokens sent
Value: 1469
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5495
Second token received
value: -1.21429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1297
1 tokens sent
Value: 1467
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5485
Second token received
value: -1.21429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1295
1 tokens sent
Value: 1465
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5475
Second token received
value: -1.21429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1293
1 tokens sent
Value: 1463
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5465
Second token received
value: -1.21429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1291
1 tokens sent
Value: 1461
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5455
Second token received
value: -1.21429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1290
1 tokens sent
Value: 1459
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.545
Second token received
value: -1.20714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1288
1 tokens sent
Value: 1457
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.544
Second token received
value: -1.20714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1286
1 tokens sent
Value: 1455
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.543
Second token received
value: -1.20714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1284
1 tokens sent
Value: 1453
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.542
Second token received
value: -1.20714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1282
1 tokens sent
Value: 1451
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.541
Second token received
value: -1.20714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1281
1 tokens sent
Value: 1449
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5405
Second token received
value: -1.2
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1279
1 tokens sent
Value: 1447
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5395
Second token received
value: -1.2
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1277
1 tokens sent
Value: 1445
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5385
Second token received
value: -1.2
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1275
1 tokens sent
Value: 1443
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5375
Second token received
value: -1.2
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1273
1 tokens sent
Value: 1441
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5365
Second token received
value: -1.2
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1272
1 tokens sent
Value: 1439
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.536
Second token received
value: -1.19286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1270
1 tokens sent
Value: 1437
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.535
Second token received
value: -1.19286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1268
1 tokens sent
Value: 1435
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.534
Second token received
value: -1.19286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1266
1 tokens sent
Value: 1433
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.533
Second token received
value: -1.19286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1264
1 tokens sent
Value: 1431
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.532
Second token received
value: -1.19286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1263
1 tokens sent
Value: 1429
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5315
Second token received
value: -1.18571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1261
1 tokens sent
Value: 1427
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5305
Second token received
value: -1.18571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1259
1 tokens sent
Value: 1425
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5295
Second token received
value: -1.18571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1257
1 tokens sent
Value: 1423
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5285
Second token received
value: -1.18571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1255
1 tokens sent
Value: 1421
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5275
Second token received
value: -1.18571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1254
1 tokens sent
Value: 1419
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.527
Second token received
value: -1.17857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1252
1 tokens sent
Value: 1417
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.526
Second token received
value: -1.17857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1250
1 tokens sent
Value: 1415
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.525
Second token received
value: -1.17857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1248
1 tokens sent
Value: 1413
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.524
Second token received
value: -1.17857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1247
1 tokens sent
Value: 1411
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5235
Second token received
value: -1.17143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1245
1 tokens sent
Value: 1409
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5225
Second token received
value: -1.17143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1243
1 tokens sent
Value: 1407
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5215
Second token received
value: -1.17143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1241
1 tokens sent
Value: 1405
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5205
Second token received
value: -1.17143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1239
1 tokens sent
Value: 1403
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5195
Second token received
value: -1.17143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1238
1 tokens sent
Value: 1401
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.519
Second token received
value: -1.16429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1236
1 tokens sent
Value: 1399
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.518
Second token received
value: -1.16429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1234
1 tokens sent
Value: 1397
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.517
Second token received
value: -1.16429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1232
1 tokens sent
Value: 1395
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.516
Second token received
value: -1.16429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1231
1 tokens sent
Value: 1393
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5155
Second token received
value: -1.15714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1229
1 tokens sent
Value: 1391
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5145
Second token received
value: -1.15714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1227
1 tokens sent
Value: 1389
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5135
Second token received
value: -1.15714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1225
1 tokens sent
Value: 1387
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5125
Second token received
value: -1.15714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1224
1 tokens sent
Value: 1385
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.512
Second token received
value: -1.15
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1222
1 tokens sent
Value: 1383
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.511
Second token received
value: -1.15
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1220
1 tokens sent
Value: 1381
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.51
Second token received
value: -1.15
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1218
1 tokens sent
Value: 1379
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.509
Second token received
value: -1.15
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1217
1 tokens sent
Value: 1377
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5085
Second token received
value: -1.14286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1215
1 tokens sent
Value: 1375
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5075
Second token received
value: -1.14286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1213
1 tokens sent
Value: 1373
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5065
Second token received
value: -1.14286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1211
1 tokens sent
Value: 1371
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5055
Second token received
value: -1.14286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1210
1 tokens sent
Value: 1369
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.505
Second token received
value: -1.13571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1208
1 tokens sent
Value: 1367
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.504
Second token received
value: -1.13571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1206
1 tokens sent
Value: 1365
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.503
Second token received
value: -1.13571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1204
1 tokens sent
Value: 1363
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.502
Second token received
value: -1.13571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1203
1 tokens sent
Value: 1361
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5015
Second token received
value: -1.12857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1201
1 tokens sent
Value: 1359
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.5005
Second token received
value: -1.12857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1199
1 tokens sent
Value: 1357
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4995
Second token received
value: -1.12857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1197
1 tokens sent
Value: 1355
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4985
Second token received
value: -1.12857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1196
1 tokens sent
Value: 1353
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.498
Second token received
value: -1.12143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1194
1 tokens sent
Value: 1351
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.497
Second token received
value: -1.12143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1192
1 tokens sent
Value: 1350
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.496
Second token received
value: -1.12857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1190
1 tokens sent
Value: 1348
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.495
Second token received
value: -1.12857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1189
1 tokens sent
Value: 1346
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4945
Second token received
value: -1.12143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1187
1 tokens sent
Value: 1344
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4935
Second token received
value: -1.12143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1185
1 tokens sent
Value: 1342
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4925
Second token received
value: -1.12143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1183
1 tokens sent
Value: 1340
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4915
Second token received
value: -1.12143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1182
1 tokens sent
Value: 1338
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.491
Second token received
value: -1.11429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1180
1 tokens sent
Value: 1336
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.49
Second token received
value: -1.11429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1178
1 tokens sent
Value: 1334
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.489
Second token received
value: -1.11429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1176
1 tokens sent
Value: 1332
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.488
Second token received
value: -1.11429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1175
1 tokens sent
Value: 1330
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4875
Second token received
value: -1.10714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1173
1 tokens sent
Value: 1328
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4865
Second token received
value: -1.10714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1171
1 tokens sent
Value: 1326
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4855
Second token received
value: -1.10714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1170
1 tokens sent
Value: 1324
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.485
Second token received
value: -1.1
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1168
1 tokens sent
Value: 1322
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.484
Second token received
value: -1.1
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1166
1 tokens sent
Value: 1320
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.483
Second token received
value: -1.1
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1164
1 tokens sent
Value: 1318
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.482
Second token received
value: -1.1
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1163
1 tokens sent
Value: 1316
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4815
Second token received
value: -1.09286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1161
1 tokens sent
Value: 1314
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4805
Second token received
value: -1.09286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1159
1 tokens sent
Value: 1313
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4795
Second token received
value: -1.1
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1158
1 tokens sent
Value: 1311
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.479
Second token received
value: -1.09286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1156
1 tokens sent
Value: 1309
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.478
Second token received
value: -1.09286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1154
1 tokens sent
Value: 1307
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.477
Second token received
value: -1.09286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1152
1 tokens sent
Value: 1305
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.476
Second token received
value: -1.09286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1151
1 tokens sent
Value: 1303
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4755
Second token received
value: -1.08571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1149
1 tokens sent
Value: 1301
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4745
Second token received
value: -1.08571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1147
1 tokens sent
Value: 1299
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4735
Second token received
value: -1.08571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1146
1 tokens sent
Value: 1297
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.473
Second token received
value: -1.07857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1144
1 tokens sent
Value: 1295
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.472
Second token received
value: -1.07857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1142
1 tokens sent
Value: 1293
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.471
Second token received
value: -1.07857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1141
1 tokens sent
Value: 1291
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4705
Second token received
value: -1.07143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1139
1 tokens sent
Value: 1289
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4695
Second token received
value: -1.07143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1137
1 tokens sent
Value: 1288
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4685
Second token received
value: -1.07857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1135
1 tokens sent
Value: 1286
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4675
Second token received
value: -1.07857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1134
1 tokens sent
Value: 1284
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.467
Second token received
value: -1.07143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1132
1 tokens sent
Value: 1282
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.466
Second token received
value: -1.07143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1130
1 tokens sent
Value: 1280
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.465
Second token received
value: -1.07143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1129
1 tokens sent
Value: 1278
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4645
Second token received
value: -1.06429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1127
1 tokens sent
Value: 1276
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4635
Second token received
value: -1.06429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1125
1 tokens sent
Value: 1274
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4625
Second token received
value: -1.06429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1124
1 tokens sent
Value: 1272
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.462
Second token received
value: -1.05714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1122
1 tokens sent
Value: 1270
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.461
Second token received
value: -1.05714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1120
1 tokens sent
Value: 1268
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.46
Second token received
value: -1.05714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1119
1 tokens sent
Value: 1267
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4595
Second token received
value: -1.05714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1117
1 tokens sent
Value: 1265
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4585
Second token received
value: -1.05714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1115
1 tokens sent
Value: 1263
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4575
Second token received
value: -1.05714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1114
1 tokens sent
Value: 1261
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.457
Second token received
value: -1.05
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1112
1 tokens sent
Value: 1259
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.456
Second token received
value: -1.05
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1110
1 tokens sent
Value: 1257
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.455
Second token received
value: -1.05
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1108
1 tokens sent
Value: 1255
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.454
Second token received
value: -1.05
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1107
1 tokens sent
Value: 1253
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4535
Second token received
value: -1.04286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1105
1 tokens sent
Value: 1251
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4525
Second token received
value: -1.04286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1103
1 tokens sent
Value: 1250
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4515
Second token received
value: -1.05
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1102
1 tokens sent
Value: 1248
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.451
Second token received
value: -1.04286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1100
1 tokens sent
Value: 1246
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.45
Second token received
value: -1.04286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1098
1 tokens sent
Value: 1244
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.449
Second token received
value: -1.04286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1097
1 tokens sent
Value: 1242
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4485
Second token received
value: -1.03571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1095
1 tokens sent
Value: 1240
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4475
Second token received
value: -1.03571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1094
1 tokens sent
Value: 1238
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.447
Second token received
value: -1.02857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1092
1 tokens sent
Value: 1236
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.446
Second token received
value: -1.02857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1090
1 tokens sent
Value: 1234
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.445
Second token received
value: -1.02857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1089
1 tokens sent
Value: 1233
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4445
Second token received
value: -1.02857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1087
1 tokens sent
Value: 1231
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4435
Second token received
value: -1.02857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1085
1 tokens sent
Value: 1229
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4425
Second token received
value: -1.02857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1084
1 tokens sent
Value: 1227
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.442
Second token received
value: -1.02143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1082
1 tokens sent
Value: 1225
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.441
Second token received
value: -1.02143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1080
1 tokens sent
Value: 1223
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.44
Second token received
value: -1.02143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1079
1 tokens sent
Value: 1221
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4395
Second token received
value: -1.01429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1077
1 tokens sent
Value: 1220
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4385
Second token received
value: -1.02143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1075
1 tokens sent
Value: 1218
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4375
Second token received
value: -1.02143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1074
1 tokens sent
Value: 1216
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.437
Second token received
value: -1.01429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1072
1 tokens sent
Value: 1214
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.436
Second token received
value: -1.01429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1070
1 tokens sent
Value: 1212
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.435
Second token received
value: -1.01429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1069
1 tokens sent
Value: 1210
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4345
Second token received
value: -1.00714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1067
1 tokens sent
Value: 1208
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4335
Second token received
value: -1.00714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1066
1 tokens sent
Value: 1207
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.433
Second token received
value: -1.00714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1064
1 tokens sent
Value: 1205
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.432
Second token received
value: -1.00714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1062
1 tokens sent
Value: 1203
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.431
Second token received
value: -1.00714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1061
1 tokens sent
Value: 1201
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4305
Second token received
value: -1
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1059
1 tokens sent
Value: 1199
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4295
Second token received
value: -1
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1057
1 tokens sent
Value: 1197
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4285
Second token received
value: -1
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1056
1 tokens sent
Value: 1196
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.428
Second token received
value: -1
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1054
1 tokens sent
Value: 1194
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.427
Second token received
value: -1
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1053
1 tokens sent
Value: 1192
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4265
Second token received
value: -0.992857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1051
1 tokens sent
Value: 1190
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4255
Second token received
value: -0.992857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1049
1 tokens sent
Value: 1188
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4245
Second token received
value: -0.992857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1048
1 tokens sent
Value: 1186
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.424
Second token received
value: -0.985714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1046
1 tokens sent
Value: 1185
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.423
Second token received
value: -0.992857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 26
1 tokens received
Value: 2
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1045
1 tokens sent
Value: 1183
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4225
Second token received
value: -0.985714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1043
1 tokens sent
Value: 1181
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4215
Second token received
value: -0.985714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1041
1 tokens sent
Value: 1179
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4205
Second token received
value: -0.985714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1040
1 tokens sent
Value: 1177
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.42
Second token received
value: -0.978571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1038
1 tokens sent
Value: 1175
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.419
Second token received
value: -0.978571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1037
1 tokens sent
Value: 1174
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4185
Second token received
value: -0.978571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1035
1 tokens sent
Value: 1172
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4175
Second token received
value: -0.978571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1033
1 tokens sent
Value: 1170
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4165
Second token received
value: -0.978571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1032
1 tokens sent
Value: 1168
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.416
Second token received
value: -0.971429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1030
1 tokens sent
Value: 1166
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.415
Second token received
value: -0.971429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1029
1 tokens sent
Value: 1164
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4145
Second token received
value: -0.964286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1027
1 tokens sent
Value: 1163
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4135
Second token received
value: -0.971429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1025
1 tokens sent
Value: 1161
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4125
Second token received
value: -0.971429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1024
1 tokens sent
Value: 1159
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.412
Second token received
value: -0.964286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1022
1 tokens sent
Value: 1157
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.411
Second token received
value: -0.964286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1021
1 tokens sent
Value: 1155
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4105
Second token received
value: -0.957143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1019
1 tokens sent
Value: 1154
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4095
Second token received
value: -0.964286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1017
1 tokens sent
Value: 1152
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4085
Second token received
value: -0.964286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1016
1 tokens sent
Value: 1150
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.408
Second token received
value: -0.957143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1014
1 tokens sent
Value: 1148
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.407
Second token received
value: -0.957143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1013
1 tokens sent
Value: 1147
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4065
Second token received
value: -0.957143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1011
1 tokens sent
Value: 1145
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4055
Second token received
value: -0.957143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1010
1 tokens sent
Value: 1143
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.405
Second token received
value: -0.95
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1008
1 tokens sent
Value: 1141
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.404
Second token received
value: -0.95
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1006
1 tokens sent
Value: 1139
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.403
Second token received
value: -0.95
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1005
1 tokens sent
Value: 1138
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4025
Second token received
value: -0.95
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1003
1 tokens sent
Value: 1136
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4015
Second token received
value: -0.95
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1002
1 tokens sent
Value: 1134
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.401
Second token received
value: -0.942857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 1000
1 tokens sent
Value: 1132
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.4
Second token received
value: -0.942857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 999
1 tokens sent
Value: 1130
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3995
Second token received
value: -0.935714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 997
1 tokens sent
Value: 1129
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3985
Second token received
value: -0.942857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 996
1 tokens sent
Value: 1127
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.398
Second token received
value: -0.935714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 994
1 tokens sent
Value: 1125
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.397
Second token received
value: -0.935714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 992
1 tokens sent
Value: 1123
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.396
Second token received
value: -0.935714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 991
1 tokens sent
Value: 1122
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3955
Second token received
value: -0.935714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 989
1 tokens sent
Value: 1120
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3945
Second token received
value: -0.935714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 988
1 tokens sent
Value: 1118
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.394
Second token received
value: -0.928571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 986
1 tokens sent
Value: 1116
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.393
Second token received
value: -0.928571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 985
1 tokens sent
Value: 1115
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3925
Second token received
value: -0.928571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 983
1 tokens sent
Value: 1113
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3915
Second token received
value: -0.928571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 982
1 tokens sent
Value: 1111
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.391
Second token received
value: -0.921429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 980
1 tokens sent
Value: 1109
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.39
Second token received
value: -0.921429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 979
1 tokens sent
Value: 1108
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3895
Second token received
value: -0.921429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 977
1 tokens sent
Value: 1106
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3885
Second token received
value: -0.921429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 976
1 tokens sent
Value: 1104
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.388
Second token received
value: -0.914286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 974
1 tokens sent
Value: 1102
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.387
Second token received
value: -0.914286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 972
1 tokens sent
Value: 1101
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.386
Second token received
value: -0.921429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 971
1 tokens sent
Value: 1099
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3855
Second token received
value: -0.914286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 969
1 tokens sent
Value: 1097
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3845
Second token received
value: -0.914286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 968
1 tokens sent
Value: 1095
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.384
Second token received
value: -0.907143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 966
1 tokens sent
Value: 1094
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.383
Second token received
value: -0.914286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 965
1 tokens sent
Value: 1092
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3825
Second token received
value: -0.907143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 963
1 tokens sent
Value: 1090
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3815
Second token received
value: -0.907143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 962
1 tokens sent
Value: 1089
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.381
Second token received
value: -0.907143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 960
1 tokens sent
Value: 1087
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.38
Second token received
value: -0.907143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 959
1 tokens sent
Value: 1085
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3795
Second token received
value: -0.9
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 957
1 tokens sent
Value: 1083
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3785
Second token received
value: -0.9
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 956
1 tokens sent
Value: 1082
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.378
Second token received
value: -0.9
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 954
1 tokens sent
Value: 1080
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.377
Second token received
value: -0.9
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 953
1 tokens sent
Value: 1078
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3765
Second token received
value: -0.892857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 951
1 tokens sent
Value: 1077
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3755
Second token received
value: -0.9
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 950
1 tokens sent
Value: 1075
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.375
Second token received
value: -0.892857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 948
1 tokens sent
Value: 1073
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.374
Second token received
value: -0.892857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 947
1 tokens sent
Value: 1071
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3735
Second token received
value: -0.885714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 945
1 tokens sent
Value: 1070
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3725
Second token received
value: -0.892857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 944
1 tokens sent
Value: 1068
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.372
Second token received
value: -0.885714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 942
1 tokens sent
Value: 1066
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.371
Second token received
value: -0.885714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 941
1 tokens sent
Value: 1065
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3705
Second token received
value: -0.885714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 939
1 tokens sent
Value: 1063
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3695
Second token received
value: -0.885714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 938
1 tokens sent
Value: 1061
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.369
Second token received
value: -0.878571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 936
1 tokens sent
Value: 1060
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.368
Second token received
value: -0.885714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 935
1 tokens sent
Value: 1058
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3675
Second token received
value: -0.878571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 933
1 tokens sent
Value: 1056
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3665
Second token received
value: -0.878571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 932
1 tokens sent
Value: 1055
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.366
Second token received
value: -0.878571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 930
1 tokens sent
Value: 1053
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.365
Second token received
value: -0.878571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 929
1 tokens sent
Value: 1051
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3645
Second token received
value: -0.871429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 928
1 tokens sent
Value: 1050
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.364
Second token received
value: -0.871429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 926
1 tokens sent
Value: 1048
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.363
Second token received
value: -0.871429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 925
1 tokens sent
Value: 1046
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3625
Second token received
value: -0.864286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 923
1 tokens sent
Value: 1045
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3615
Second token received
value: -0.871429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 922
1 tokens sent
Value: 1043
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.361
Second token received
value: -0.864286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 920
1 tokens sent
Value: 1041
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.36
Second token received
value: -0.864286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 919
1 tokens sent
Value: 1040
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3595
Second token received
value: -0.864286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 917
1 tokens sent
Value: 1038
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3585
Second token received
value: -0.864286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 916
1 tokens sent
Value: 1036
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.358
Second token received
value: -0.857143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 914
1 tokens sent
Value: 1035
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.357
Second token received
value: -0.864286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 913
1 tokens sent
Value: 1033
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3565
Second token received
value: -0.857143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 911
1 tokens sent
Value: 1031
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3555
Second token received
value: -0.857143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 910
1 tokens sent
Value: 1030
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.355
Second token received
value: -0.857143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 909
1 tokens sent
Value: 1028
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3545
Second token received
value: -0.85
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 907
1 tokens sent
Value: 1026
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3535
Second token received
value: -0.85
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 906
1 tokens sent
Value: 1025
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.353
Second token received
value: -0.85
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 904
1 tokens sent
Value: 1023
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.352
Second token received
value: -0.85
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 903
1 tokens sent
Value: 1021
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3515
Second token received
value: -0.842857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 901
1 tokens sent
Value: 1020
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3505
Second token received
value: -0.85
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 900
1 tokens sent
Value: 1018
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.35
Second token received
value: -0.842857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 898
1 tokens sent
Value: 1016
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.349
Second token received
value: -0.842857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 897
1 tokens sent
Value: 1015
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3485
Second token received
value: -0.842857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 896
1 tokens sent
Value: 1013
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.348
Second token received
value: -0.835714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 894
1 tokens sent
Value: 1012
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.347
Second token received
value: -0.842857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 893
1 tokens sent
Value: 1010
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3465
Second token received
value: -0.835714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 891
1 tokens sent
Value: 1008
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3455
Second token received
value: -0.835714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 890
1 tokens sent
Value: 1007
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.345
Second token received
value: -0.835714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 888
1 tokens sent
Value: 1005
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.344
Second token received
value: -0.835714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 887
1 tokens sent
Value: 1003
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3435
Second token received
value: -0.828571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 886
1 tokens sent
Value: 1002
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.343
Second token received
value: -0.828571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 884
1 tokens sent
Value: 1000
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.342
Second token received
value: -0.828571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 883
1 tokens sent
Value: 999
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3415
Second token received
value: -0.828571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 881
1 tokens sent
Value: 997
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3405
Second token received
value: -0.828571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 880
1 tokens sent
Value: 995
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.34
Second token received
value: -0.821429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 878
1 tokens sent
Value: 994
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.339
Second token received
value: -0.828571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 877
1 tokens sent
Value: 992
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3385
Second token received
value: -0.821429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 876
1 tokens sent
Value: 991
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.338
Second token received
value: -0.821429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 874
1 tokens sent
Value: 989
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.337
Second token received
value: -0.821429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 873
1 tokens sent
Value: 987
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3365
Second token received
value: -0.814286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 871
1 tokens sent
Value: 986
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3355
Second token received
value: -0.821429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 870
1 tokens sent
Value: 984
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.335
Second token received
value: -0.814286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 869
1 tokens sent
Value: 983
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3345
Second token received
value: -0.814286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 867
1 tokens sent
Value: 981
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3335
Second token received
value: -0.814286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 866
1 tokens sent
Value: 979
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.333
Second token received
value: -0.807143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 864
1 tokens sent
Value: 978
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.332
Second token received
value: -0.814286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 863
1 tokens sent
Value: 976
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3315
Second token received
value: -0.807143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 862
1 tokens sent
Value: 975
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.331
Second token received
value: -0.807143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 860
1 tokens sent
Value: 973
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.33
Second token received
value: -0.807143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 859
1 tokens sent
Value: 971
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3295
Second token received
value: -0.8
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 857
1 tokens sent
Value: 970
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3285
Second token received
value: -0.807143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 856
1 tokens sent
Value: 968
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.328
Second token received
value: -0.8
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 855
1 tokens sent
Value: 967
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3275
Second token received
value: -0.8
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 853
1 tokens sent
Value: 965
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3265
Second token received
value: -0.8
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 852
1 tokens sent
Value: 964
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.326
Second token received
value: -0.8
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 851
1 tokens sent
Value: 962
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3255
Second token received
value: -0.792857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 849
1 tokens sent
Value: 960
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3245
Second token received
value: -0.792857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 848
1 tokens sent
Value: 959
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.324
Second token received
value: -0.792857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 846
1 tokens sent
Value: 957
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.323
Second token received
value: -0.792857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 845
1 tokens sent
Value: 956
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3225
Second token received
value: -0.792857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 844
1 tokens sent
Value: 954
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.322
Second token received
value: -0.785714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 842
1 tokens sent
Value: 953
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.321
Second token received
value: -0.792857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 841
1 tokens sent
Value: 951
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3205
Second token received
value: -0.785714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 840
1 tokens sent
Value: 950
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.32
Second token received
value: -0.785714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 838
1 tokens sent
Value: 948
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.319
Second token received
value: -0.785714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 837
1 tokens sent
Value: 946
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3185
Second token received
value: -0.778571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 836
1 tokens sent
Value: 945
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.318
Second token received
value: -0.778571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 834
1 tokens sent
Value: 943
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.317
Second token received
value: -0.778571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 833
1 tokens sent
Value: 942
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3165
Second token received
value: -0.778571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 831
1 tokens sent
Value: 940
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3155
Second token received
value: -0.778571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 830
1 tokens sent
Value: 939
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.315
Second token received
value: -0.778571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 829
1 tokens sent
Value: 937
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3145
Second token received
value: -0.771429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 827
1 tokens sent
Value: 936
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3135
Second token received
value: -0.778571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 3
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 826
1 tokens sent
Value: 934
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.313
Second token received
value: -0.771429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 825
1 tokens sent
Value: 933
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3125
Second token received
value: -0.771429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 823
1 tokens sent
Value: 931
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3115
Second token received
value: -0.771429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 822
1 tokens sent
Value: 929
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.311
Second token received
value: -0.764286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 821
1 tokens sent
Value: 928
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3105
Second token received
value: -0.764286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 819
1 tokens sent
Value: 926
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3095
Second token received
value: -0.764286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 818
1 tokens sent
Value: 925
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.309
Second token received
value: -0.764286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 817
1 tokens sent
Value: 923
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3085
Second token received
value: -0.757143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 815
1 tokens sent
Value: 922
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3075
Second token received
value: -0.764286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 814
1 tokens sent
Value: 920
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.307
Second token received
value: -0.757143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 813
1 tokens sent
Value: 919
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3065
Second token received
value: -0.757143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 811
1 tokens sent
Value: 917
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3055
Second token received
value: -0.757143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 810
1 tokens sent
Value: 916
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.305
Second token received
value: -0.757143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 809
1 tokens sent
Value: 914
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3045
Second token received
value: -0.75
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 807
1 tokens sent
Value: 913
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3035
Second token received
value: -0.757143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 25
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 806
1 tokens sent
Value: 911
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.303
Second token received
value: -0.75
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 805
1 tokens sent
Value: 910
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3025
Second token received
value: -0.75
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 804
1 tokens sent
Value: 908
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.302
Second token received
value: -0.742857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 802
1 tokens sent
Value: 907
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.301
Second token received
value: -0.75
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 801
1 tokens sent
Value: 905
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3005
Second token received
value: -0.742857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 800
1 tokens sent
Value: 904
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.3
Second token received
value: -0.742857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 798
1 tokens sent
Value: 902
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.299
Second token received
value: -0.742857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 797
1 tokens sent
Value: 901
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2985
Second token received
value: -0.742857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 796
1 tokens sent
Value: 899
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.298
Second token received
value: -0.735714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 794
1 tokens sent
Value: 898
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.297
Second token received
value: -0.742857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 793
1 tokens sent
Value: 896
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2965
Second token received
value: -0.735714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 792
1 tokens sent
Value: 895
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.296
Second token received
value: -0.735714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 791
1 tokens sent
Value: 893
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2955
Second token received
value: -0.728571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 789
1 tokens sent
Value: 892
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2945
Second token received
value: -0.735714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 788
1 tokens sent
Value: 890
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.294
Second token received
value: -0.728571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 787
1 tokens sent
Value: 889
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2935
Second token received
value: -0.728571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 785
1 tokens sent
Value: 887
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2925
Second token received
value: -0.728571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 784
1 tokens sent
Value: 886
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.292
Second token received
value: -0.728571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 783
1 tokens sent
Value: 885
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2915
Second token received
value: -0.728571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 782
1 tokens sent
Value: 883
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.291
Second token received
value: -0.721429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 780
1 tokens sent
Value: 882
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.29
Second token received
value: -0.728571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 779
1 tokens sent
Value: 880
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2895
Second token received
value: -0.721429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 778
1 tokens sent
Value: 879
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.289
Second token received
value: -0.721429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 776
1 tokens sent
Value: 877
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.288
Second token received
value: -0.721429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 775
1 tokens sent
Value: 876
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2875
Second token received
value: -0.721429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 774
1 tokens sent
Value: 874
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.287
Second token received
value: -0.714286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 773
1 tokens sent
Value: 873
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2865
Second token received
value: -0.714286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 771
1 tokens sent
Value: 871
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2855
Second token received
value: -0.714286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 770
1 tokens sent
Value: 870
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.285
Second token received
value: -0.714286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 769
1 tokens sent
Value: 869
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2845
Second token received
value: -0.714286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 768
1 tokens sent
Value: 867
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.284
Second token received
value: -0.707143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 766
1 tokens sent
Value: 866
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.283
Second token received
value: -0.714286
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 765
1 tokens sent
Value: 864
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2825
Second token received
value: -0.707143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 764
1 tokens sent
Value: 863
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.282
Second token received
value: -0.707143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 763
1 tokens sent
Value: 861
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2815
Second token received
value: -0.7
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 761
1 tokens sent
Value: 860
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2805
Second token received
value: -0.707143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 760
1 tokens sent
Value: 859
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.28
Second token received
value: -0.707143
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 759
1 tokens sent
Value: 857
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2795
Second token received
value: -0.7
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 758
1 tokens sent
Value: 856
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.279
Second token received
value: -0.7
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 756
1 tokens sent
Value: 854
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.278
Second token received
value: -0.7
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 755
1 tokens sent
Value: 853
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2775
Second token received
value: -0.7
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 754
1 tokens sent
Value: 851
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.277
Second token received
value: -0.692857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 753
1 tokens sent
Value: 850
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2765
Second token received
value: -0.692857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 752
1 tokens sent
Value: 849
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.276
Second token received
value: -0.692857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 750
1 tokens sent
Value: 847
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.275
Second token received
value: -0.692857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 749
1 tokens sent
Value: 846
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2745
Second token received
value: -0.692857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 748
1 tokens sent
Value: 844
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.274
Second token received
value: -0.685714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 747
1 tokens sent
Value: 843
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2735
Second token received
value: -0.685714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 745
1 tokens sent
Value: 842
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2725
Second token received
value: -0.692857
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 744
1 tokens sent
Value: 840
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.272
Second token received
value: -0.685714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 743
1 tokens sent
Value: 839
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2715
Second token received
value: -0.685714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 742
1 tokens sent
Value: 838
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.271
Second token received
value: -0.685714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 740
1 tokens sent
Value: 836
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.27
Second token received
value: -0.685714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 739
1 tokens sent
Value: 835
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2695
Second token received
value: -0.685714
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 738
1 tokens sent
Value: 833
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.269
Second token received
value: -0.678571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 737
1 tokens sent
Value: 832
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2685
Second token received
value: -0.678571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 736
1 tokens sent
Value: 831
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.268
Second token received
value: -0.678571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 734
1 tokens sent
Value: 829
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.267
Second token received
value: -0.678571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 733
1 tokens sent
Value: 828
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2665
Second token received
value: -0.678571
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 732
1 tokens sent
Value: 826
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.266
Second token received
value: -0.671429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
Fire called by actor 8
1 tokens sent
Value: 731
1 tokens sent
Value: 825
Fire called by actor 18
First token received
value: 0.2655
Second token received
value: -0.671429
Fire called by actor 37
1 tokens received
Value: 24
1 tokens received
Value: 4
